COMDOX-111: Migrate Functional Testing Guide from magento/devdocs (#14)
AdobeDocs/commerce-testing: src/pages/functional-testing-framework/index.md

---
title: Functional Testing Framework | Commerce Testing
description: Learn how to perform end-to-end functional testing on Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source projects.
---

# Introduction to the Functional Testing Framework

The Functional Testing Framework is a framework used to perform automated end-to-end functional testing on Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source projects.

<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text"/>

This documentation is for version 3.0 of the framework, which was released in conjunction with Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source 2.4. It is a major update and introduces many new changes and fixes. You can find documentation for version 2.0 [here](https://devdocs.magento.com/mftf/v2/docs/introduction.html). See [find your version](#find-your-framework-version) if you are unsure about which version you are using.

## Goals

-  To facilitate functional testing and minimize the effort it takes to perform regression testing
-  Enable extension developers to provide functional tests for their extensions

> -  Ensure a common standard of quality between Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source, extension developer,s and system integrators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Ensure a common standard of quality between Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source, extension developers and system integrators
```
